Team Meeting 17/01/19
===

<!-- remember two spaces at end of line to break onto a new line -->
**Chair**: CW  
**Secretary**: AB

**Present**: AB, CW, LM  
**Apologies**: JP

## Agenda
- Discuss brief
- Assign tasks
- Decide on individual components
- Any other business

## Minutes

LM has looked at brief and considered difficulties. LM's thoughts are in
document in Google Drive. Four difficult problems:

- Getting audio to work
- Getting sd card to work
- Using the keypad as an interface
  - model UI as state machines?
- Codec things

Keep LM & CW to work on audio and AB & JP to work on SDC.

LM appreciates on a sticker on CW's laptop.

Can't work on filesystem yet as we don't have SPI to use the SDC. Need to work
on an SPI library. SPI is being annoying. CW knows how it works in theory but
can't get it working.

LM appreciates the building. CS is able to keep a consistent theme (e.g.
signage), unlike university.

LM and CW don't like the noise in hardware labs.

## Actions
- AB working on getting libraries from part 1 working together
- CW and LM working on getting SPI working
- Once libraries are done, everyone working on documentation

## Signatures
<!-- 
	Paste in entire GPG signed messages here 
	Messages should have initials and date
-->

	
 
