Team Meeting 25/01/19
===

<!-- remember two spaces at end of line to break onto a new line -->
**Chair**: ap  
**Secretary**: jp

**Present**: AB, CW, JP, LM  
**Apologies**: None

## Agenda
 - Run through SWOT
 - Update on progress
 - Further assignment of roles

## Minutes

SWOT:
 - Group parts of the SWOT added, such as group strengths and weaknesses.
 - Group strengths and weaknesses in regards to the projects also added.

Progress update:
 - File types can be managed by a tool.
 - Encoding/decoding compression could be, but not for solo project.
 - SD card can't be read from and play music at the same time, share pins.
 - Luke got sound working, somewhat.
 - Charlotte has the GUI template sorted.
 - Removed a few intermediary steps and refined: removed selected file screen as can just use different buttons to interact with the file. 
 - Use numbers as a d pad, 2,4,6,8. Letters for actions. Metaphors!
 - Use leds to display time elapsed and time remaining.
 - Edit the sample rate when recording.
 - Be able to press a button whilst a song is playing to choose a time in the song to skip to.
 - Use an interrupt handler for above ^.
 - Set up an empr library, building is as simple as typing make install. 

## Actions
 - Adam, go through libraries and make consistent
 - Charlotte, begin implementing the GUI.
 - Jack & Luke, start implementing audio code, etc. Make the audio hardware work properly and start testing.
 - Note, ask if they have an SD card breakout (probably Luke).

## Signatures
<!-- 
	Paste in entire GPG signed messages here 
	Messages should have initials and date
	Signatures should be surrounded with triple backticks (on their own line) and the full signature block should be copied. For example:
	```
	-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
		...
	-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
	```
-->

```
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA512

Sounds good to moi. 25/01/2019 JP
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----

iLMEAQEKAB0WIQRcFaLm8QGEATNMOPigjdLHpjYj0gUCXEr8EQAKCRCgjdLHpjYj
0j0FBACnSdEn62if5jRS6ckrB5xtIEEenamOPawfwk3bZMV37TyxpeQXbqy2JYyX
/Z3wvGodpLTEbpfOOwVqdYC3YF1kyv4Fn9QjgsSqqmKj0397hV+79xgOZ0NeFERU
XZziqhVdb2d528H3XgDuQKqCYDDL8iDQ8iHyJnbbFdbM6UathA==
=3zl2
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
```
	
 
