Team Meeting 01/02/19
===

<!-- remember two spaces at end of line to break onto a new line -->
**Chair**: LM  
**Secretary**: AB

**Present**: AB, CW, JP, LM  
**Apologies**: None

## Agenda
- Updates on work
- Discussion of issues
- Assignment of future stuff
- Any other business

## Minutes

### Updates on work
CW has basic framework of the UI. Just need to add button actions with function
pointers. Still need to implement scrolling. All documented, check it out.

AB has done nothing. He's a bad person.

LM not done anything really on sound. Got a rought prototype of a sound
visualiser working.

JP researched Golomb coding. Wrote a doc on it, which is in drive.

### Discussion of issues
LM can't change the output of the sound. Outputting noise but can't output
sound. CW thinks it might be good to have a fresh brain and pair of eyes to
throw at it.

CW wants to store file info in a struct. Not sure how to do that. Needs more
info on filesystem. As such filesystem needs to be working which means SPI to SD
card needs to be gotten working.

CW has been doing everything in `cwlm` for now because she's not sure about how
to use new libempr. AB needs to document when refactoring.

JP not sure how to implement Golomb coding. Needs some recorded data to work
with.

### Assignment of future stuff
See actions.

## Actions
- LM and JP to get some recorded sound
- AB to refactor and document libempr
- CW and AB to work on SDC in practicals
- CW to get scrolling implemented
- Someone (not LM) should look at getting audio output working.

## Signatures
<!-- 
	Paste in entire GPG signed messages here 
	Messages should have initials and date
	Signatures should be surrounded with triple backticks (on their own line) and the full signature block should be copied. For example:
	```
	-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
		...
	-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
	```
-->

	
 
